‎Jehovah asked the prophet Ezekiel
to do some strange things.
‎For example, on one occasion
‎Ezekiel sat speechless for a week.
‎Then he suddenly got up
and shut himself in his house.
‎When he came out again,
‎he picked up a brick
and etched it with a drawing.
‎Ezekiel’s actions were unusual,
‎but they conveyed an important message
‎that has meaning for us today.
‎Chapter 6 of the Pure Worship book
‎discusses Ezekiel’s unusual actions.
‎It is entitled “The End Is Now Upon You.”
‎That statement is found at Ezekiel 7:3,
‎the theme scripture for this chapter:
‎“The end is now upon you,
‎“and I will unleash
my anger against you,
‎“and I will judge you
according to your ways
‎and call you to account
for all your detestable deeds.”
‎As you study this material,
‎look for the answers
to these three questions:
‎The events that Ezekiel acted out
‎remind us of what momentous events
that God’s Word foretold for our future?
‎How does the way Ezekiel carried out
‎his commission to preach Jehovah’s warnings
‎affect your view of the ministry?
‎Why might the prophecies
that we consider in this chapter
‎move you to reexamine your priorities?
‎Allow what you learn
in this chapter to affect you
‎as you set priorities for yourself.
‎May the choices you make
help you to give Jehovah
‎the pure worship
he so richly deserves.